Markdownlint: custom rules documentation (#27545)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: markdownlint/docs/README.md

# TOP Custom Markdownlint Rules

> This directory contains documentation for our custom rules for linting Markdown files using the markdownlint tool. These rules supplement the [default rules provided by markdownlint](https://github.com/markdownlint/markdownlint/blob/main/docs/RULES.md) to enforce our [curriculum's layout style](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/main/LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains documentation for our custom rules for linting Markdown files using the markdownlint tool. These rules supplement the [default rules provided by markdownlint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/main/doc/Rules.md) to enforce our [curriculum's layout style](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/main/LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md).
```
